.\" CFroute Manpage.
.TH "CFROUTE" "1" "cfroute" "09 Juli 2001" "Husky - Portable Fidonet Software"
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBcfroute \fR
config_file [config_file...] [\-I] [\-D] [\-V] [\-?]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
CFRoute is a netmail packer for Binkley\-style mailers.
Most mailers currently in use  support this efficient handling. The
only exception I know of is FrontDoor. MainDoor, Xenia, Binkley (of
course), Binkley\-XE, McMail, Portal of Power, etc, support BT\-style.
CFR fully supports static (=BT\-style)  netmail routing, and has
several features that are unique to it.
.br 
.SH
General features
.br
.B \-
Routes can be defined not only using the destination node but
all  other  information  available: Origin  node,  encryption,
file attached and day of the week.
.br
.B \-
Different flavors  can be defined for  any combination of the
routing factors, for example you can send messages to your RC
crash if they were  written by you but hold them  if they are
just in transit at your system.
.br
.B \-
Unlimited number of routes, AKAs, netmail directories, packet
passwords,  etc.  Only   limited  by  available   memory.  No
harcoded limits at all.
.br
.B \- 
Powerful and flexible configuration file parser.
.br
.B \- 
Writes  type  2 (FTS\-0001, stone age) and  type 2+ (FSC\-0039)
packets.
.br
.B \- 
Parses via lines to get complete path information.
.br
.B \- 
Detects loops.
.br
.B \- 
Powerful wildcarding system, supporting ?, * and #.
.br
.B \- 
Supports any number of *.MSG, Squish and Jam netmail folders.
.br
.B \- 
Complete domain support.
.br
.B \- 
Long filenames supported.

.sp 2
This manual page was written for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.

.SH OPTIONS
.B [-I]
forces a complete netmail processing (ignoring file timestamps).
.br
.B [-D]
write a configuration dump on screen.
.br
.B [-V]
log via lines.
.br
.B [-?]
shows the help (!?) screen.

.SH FILES
.br
.nf
.\" set tabstop to longest possible filename, plus a wee bit
.ta \w'config   'u
\fIconfig\fR  The CFRoute Configuration File. You have to write one !
.br
.sp 1
See documentation for a (more or less) detailed explanation on the
configuration file syntax.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR fc2cfr "(1)"
.SH NOTES
All Husky-Software is written by various developers. For detailed information
about the Husky-Team take a look at 
http://husky.physcip.uni-stuttgart.de/team.html.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Joerg Jaspert (JJ) <joerg@goliathbbs.dnsalias.net>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
